Time to use the things we learned in this module and put it into practice with a few little exercises
about forms, specifically here's what I want you to try before I then in the next video show you which
solution I came up with.
So the first exercise is that we should create a sign up form where you create the following information,
full name which is a first and last name field, mail, password and then a radio button if we want to store
the data yes or no. At the bottom of this template, you can find this template attached to this lecture
here,
you find a simple output datasheet as we saw it before where we can then print this information.
In the second exercise here,
I want you to enhance that by making sure that the form which you have to create up here of course is
only visible as long as we haven't hit the submit button which you have to create as well whereas the
datasheet here is only visible after you hit the submit button,
so that's a little addition.
And the third exercise, I want you to take your full name which is a first and last name input field
and create your own component which kind of combines both inputs into one single control you can then
dump into your project here to get a full name out of the box.
Well with that, I wish you good luck or good experience with that and I'll see you in a solution video.